I was particularly disappointed with the interactions of the reception staff, from a cold welcome at check-in to when I asked if they had valet parking they responded rudely that they did not and did not tell me the alternative. As a HHonors Gold member who travels on business frequently, I was more than disappointed by the performance of the staff at this property, as I know the Hilton brand expects and serves at better standards.For what you will pay here, being one of the more expensive options in the Ithaca area, the hotel is rundown and needs a renovation. The sheets and amenities were ratty and outdated. The TV's basic channel options were underwhelming, and the wifi was some of the slowest I have ever seen, not even worth using it. To top it all off, I was placed in a non-smoking room that someone had clearly smoked in, but there were only "smoking" rooms available for me to move to, so I put up with it. We only stayed one night at this hotel but we were not sorry to leave.  The welcome by the bellman and reception staff was basic and not friendly.  The concierge made every effort to be helpful and was the most friendly of the staff.  The "free" breakfast was very basic, the only alternative seemed to be room service where prices were not cheap. This cost was boosted by a 20% service charge. The A/C broke and the shower leaked.  There was hair the the sink drain.The hotel is beautiful and the location is great - Across the street from the Bal Harbour Mall. The service however is horrible. 

We stayed in a junior suite and were expecting butler service. This was not provided till we inquired about it after our first night. The butler eventually assigned to us was a "fill-in" who did know have a clue about butler style service. Discreet was certainly not his style and we felt our privacy was invaded. When we eventually told the manager about our concerns, there was nothing done. When shifts changed and other butlers came on, they all seemed to be very chatty and interested in our business than in allowing us to enjoy our extended weekend. When I arrived at The St. Regis last week the reception desk didn't even have my reservation on file. Luckily it appeared the hotel was not busy so they were able to accommodate me.  It was a bad start to the trip and it didnt improve.I stayed at the St Regis in September and was so disappointed we left early. The room was unclean and the staff didn't seem to know anything. Everyone we talked to gave us different information.  Don't go here. I stay at many hotels around the world and have always had good experience with St. Regis.  I was excited to try this new resort and go shopping at the Bal Harbour.  I was surprised at how bad this resort was. The employees are obviously all new and don't know what they are doing. Concierge sent us to the worst restaurant and we had to take a 20 min cab ride to get there. This resort advertises its self as being in Miami but it is not! I wanted to go to south beach to see the sights and enjoy dinner and drinks. It took a half hour to get to the restaurant!  I will not be returning to the hotel. I went to the restaurant and the service was so slow I didnt bother ordering dessert. I was clearly annoyed about the timing and the server didn't speed up or give any explanation.  The food wasnt worth the wait...I stayed at the St Regis because I had a lot of points and thought it would be fun to come to Florida.  It was not the experience I was expected. The hotel is newly opened and they obviously still have not worked out the kinks.  Maybe give it a few more years.On our trip to Miami we stopped in the St Regis to see this new property we had heard so much about. The decor is gorgeous, almost too much.  But the valet was so slow with our car I thought they might have stolen it! Who takes that long to drive a car around the corner?  Never again will I go there unless it is in a taxi.My family has many special requests and I understand that at times there are difficult to fulfill. One of our biggest concerns is my son's dietary restrictions.  He cannot eat gluten or dairy.  The restaurant struggled to provide us with options other than plain chicken and vegetables.  Not only that but every time we ordered anything I  had to repeat all of these restrictions to the server and they mistakenly served him a soup that was cream based after we were informed there was no dairy!This is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in! From the moment we pulled up to the hotel we were immediately unimpressed. It is located near busy, one-way, confusing streets and the traffic could be heard from the room. The front desk staff was unfriendly and were unwilling to fulfill basic requests (room away from elevator and on a high floor). We were so upset with the hotel that we chose not to dine on property, to avoid further let-down. We will not be returning to the Hilton Garden Inn and would highly recommend others not to as well.How difficult is it to provide a crib and hypoallergenic bedding!? I must have waited over an hour at turndown and by that point my baby was fast asleep and we didn't want to move her.   Other than that the hotel was nice but nothing to write home about. My wife and I went to the St Regis for our 2nd anniversary.  It was a big deal for us because we would normally not spend this kind of money on a hotel.  We were disappointed and I felt like I would have had better service in a better location at the W South Beach.  Lessoned learnt. Dont make the same mistake we did.We received a wonderful welcome email after booking our reservation and indicated that we would require transportation arranged from MIA. The concierge was helpful but could have done better. Our flight arrived about 35 minutes early from Zurich and I did not expect to wait because it was St. Regis. When we eventually informed the concierge, they told us that it was handled by an outside company and acted like we were bothering them. Bad start to an otherwise ok stay. Atlantico is terrible. Not worthy of being in a St. Regis. The concept and menu should be reviewed and service needs major improvements. I thought I was going to have a relaxing massage at the spa, unfortunately my interpretation of relaxing was quite different from Sandra's (my therapist). Sandra wore squeaky shoes that made a horribly loud noise each time she took a step in my cold treatment room. I had my face down when I asked her to make the room a little warmer. The only thing I heard were her squeaky shoes and the temperature did not change. Wifi in the rooms facing the ocean comes and goes like a guest of wind. I could not do anything for more than five minutes because I kept dropping my signal. IT was pleasant but unable to fix the issue during my stay. $80 for a full day of kids camp and they are fed chicken nuggets for lunch. I am not looking for my kids to have a gourmet meal but was expecting something more enjoyable and better options. Activities were not suitable for kids who were not from the US. We were extremely pleased with our beautiful cabana and the service. After enjoying a day out by the pool, we decided to use the shower in the cabanas. I guess they had not been used for a few days and when my wife turned the shower on, she got a steady flow of rust in the water. 
The experience turned even more sour when the staff joked about the situation and expressed concern for the towels which had turned orange. 
I was expecting more empathy and a better resolution rather than simply allowing us to return to our rooms to take a shower. We stayed over a weekend with a wedding taking place on a Saturday night. Valet took forever and we felt like second class citizens because a high profile guest was either getting married or attending the wedding. Not only was my girlfriend hit by the top of the bottle of champagne when Luis *masterfully (not really)* attempted to saber it, she was served in a cut glass and cut her lip. I was disapointed with the Hilton from the moment I walked in. There was no valet to greet me and the front desk had a bad attitude and did not answer my questions. The room was dusty and made me sneeze all night. However, the housekeeper did have a pleasant attitude when she entered the room. The parking situation was a nightmare with the garage across the road closed. I will never stay at the Hilton again and would advise others not to as well.Nice rooms but poor housekeeping. I first noticed long stretched hairs on the marble floor. The hairs were apparently stretched as a result of a mopping action. After using the shower, I noticed a rather obnoxious message written on the bathroom mirror which was only visible when steam filled the room. Made me question cleanliness of everything else after that. I would not recomment the Lowes Hotel in Nashville, TN. They checked us in to the wrong room, which has already been occupied by someone else. After confronting the front desk, not only were they rude but didnt offer any type of apology for the mishaps. The rooms where not as clean has expected, however the location was ok.I had expected better service at the Loews Hotel in Nashville. The concierge recommented Long Horns for a great steak, which I was expecting someplace other then a chain. It was a good thing we ran into alot of friendly people on the streets or our trip would have been medicore.You do not want to stay at the Loews Hotel in Nashville, TN. My necklace was "lost" in my room, and after calling to ask for assistance, no one ever contacted me back. I went down and requested to speak to a manager and he was unavailable. It has been two weeks since we stayed and still no word.. After getting food poison at the Loew's Hotel eat. I contacted housekeeping to bring extra towels to my room and once I received them they were stained and dirty. After asking for new towels to be brought, the housekeeper rolled her eyes and said sure. Not the best place to eat or stay.After checking in to the Loews hotel in Nashville, TN after a long drive, our bags ended up in someone elses room. After we spoke to the manager, it took them an hour to locate our belongings.  The bellman asked us for a tip, which was very unexpected being they were the one's that lost our bags.The Lowe's in Nashville, is an ok place to stay if you use to staying at a best western. The little cafe was not the greatest. Would recomment you walking across the street if your hungry. The staff seemed very unorganized and undertrained. Concierge was somewhat knowledgable of the area. Should have done my own reshearch before staying in Nashville.The Loews Hotel's location is great but the overall service of the hotel was a disapointment. We listened to housekeepers argue on the way to our room. Once we made it, the room was not as clean as expected. After requesting a new room, they mentioned that no other room was available. We requested a discount and was denied. Next time we will stay down the street.The Loew's Hotel in Nashville, not what I had expected. Decor very outdated, service lacked personality and the rooms not as clean and organized. Great location, terrible hotel.After checking into the Lowes in Nashville, the front desk associate made a racial comment as I was getting my room key. I requested to speak with a manager, and the gentlemen told me that I needed to go through him first. Not only was I offended, but I requested that the room to be cancelled and my full refund return. Tom assured me that there was no way a full refund was optional. I sat in the lobby and contacted corporate.Joe was very helpful however was told the same ol, same ol.., "We will get back to you". Never heard a word and half of my deposit was returned. Upon entering the hotel I had to wait at the front desk for several minutes as the agent was answering many phone calls. It was a busy evening and she seemed to be the only one at the desk. There should certainly be several peaople servicing guests on a night with high demand. The first impression is the most important and this totally set me off on the wrong foot. This was a business trip and I was in a hurry, I would have appreciated a prompt check in. I was hoping that the room and hotel facilities would better my mood but this was not the case. It was a very basic room with out any special touches. The internet access was weak and could not check my email which was a huge disapointment as I had work to tend to. I hope my comments are read and the problems are addressed. However, I will probably bot return. The Loews Hotel in Nashville was not as nice as the other Loews hotels that I have stayed out. Was expecting good ol boy service being located in the heart of Nashville. Lots of non friendly staff with an outdated look.I paid $700.00 for a shoe box size of rooms?  The view is great being near Central Park area, but I need to comfort and I do not like any hotels thats charge us everything (internet, no coffee machine, etc.).  We already paid the premium rates and on top of it, upon check-out I paid 14.95 for internet connection per day?  Absurd! Great view but I am not in my room most of the times to stare at it.   I need space for my shopping bags and coffee as soon as I wake up.  Do I have to pay $25.00 for coffee every morning?Too expensive for the size of the room we paid.  The location is great if you are looking to visit Central Park, but not convenient to other major attraction.  The decor is very traditional.   Came to Peninsula with friends to celebrate New Year, the lounge was full so we were directed to other side, next to restaurant to see the maitre 'd who was a female. She told us just to take any seat. We sat for 20 minutes next to a tray of dirty dishes near the bar because they obviously were overstaffed. A prosecco with a Campari drop for color is the same price this year as a champagne + Campari drop, $35 per glass. When we asked, our waiter told us "Here, our prosecco and champagne cost the same." We were shocked. Upon leaving, I did my ritual of asking the doorman in which direction the closest subway is because, even though I'm a local, I always like to see the type of customer service I get w/a response. He told me "you can check your smartphone or go inside and ask the Concierge because I have no idea." I wouldn't stay here again--or spend a single dollar on a drink--when Penninsula NYC hires staff like this, at the holidays or at any time of theyear. 

I contacted the front desk for a late check-out (1:00pm instead of standard checkout time) and the person immidiately said NO!  we are full without even trying!  I will stay somewhere else next time.
The most expesive hotel I ever stayed at with luck of personality.  They need to hire new people who cares about their guests.  They do not smile and not willing to assist.  Lack of attention to details, the rooms need major renovation and staff could be a little friendlier to be rated 5 Star.  I will not return nor recommend this hotel.The rates at this hotel should be lower than other 4 Star Hotel in New York City!  Our rooms was so small, the staff are not 5 Star and the decor are definitely should be 4 Star.  They charge for everything, no added values except the name.  I would stay in another hotel next time.  I could not believe how DIRTY the room was! I think I even saw a BUG in the room. I was totally disgusted with the room and public areas. Are these rooms being inspected? The staff was friendly but I cannot justify spending $150+ on a filthy and infested room.Great location, but that's all!  The rooms are too small for the price we paid for, the staff are not friendly and not helpful.  They ignored us after we checked in most of the times.  We stayed there for 6 nights and felt like they don't care.  They did not changed our sheets until the third night.  This should be an option for us not a mandatory.  We did not get  a discount on our rates for not changing our bed sheets every night.  We had to pay for internet connection, it should be included in our rates.   I suggest for you to stay in another hotel that cares!

I cannot believe how disorganized this hotel is, my reservation was LOST. I saved my confirmation email and then they were able to find my reservation. Then the rate did not match my confirmation, I was thankful that I saved this email. It took me about 20 minutes to check in and this was not the way I wanted to start off my vacation! The room was ok, nothing to "write home" about and there was a lot of dust. The location is great, close to a lot of shops and restaurants but the service was a mess. I would not spend $200 there again for a night. There is better valie for your money in Ithaca. It took FOREVER to find this hotel. With all the confusing intersections and one-way roads in Ithaca, I thought we would never find the place. Once we arrived and realized we had to park so far away it really disapointed us! The front desk seemed to have non-stop phones ringing (they should have an operator!). I prefer to stay at a hotel that is easy to find with convenient parking. You could even hear the traffic from the room! The restaurant was nice and had good options but there are other places bear by that we chose to try. I am not sure if we will return, I am sure there is a more convenient place to stay in Ithaca. The entire experience was a disaster! From front desk to the restaurant the staff was very unprofessional and I heard a lot of gossiping and complaining about other guests. This made me feel very uncomfortable as I wondered if they spoke about me. Where are the supervisors and managers that watch over the staff members? The room was a standard, 'run of the mill' room. The staff and room have turned me away from wanted to return to the Hilton. I love the location of this hotel but that is where the positves end... The hotel is located in downtown Ithaca; close to shopping, great restaurants, bars. Perfect for the night life. However, the staff is rude and unorganized. The room is dirty and unexciting. I had to wait a long time to check in as there was a long line and only two front desk agents. They did not apologize for my wait and made me feel very unwelcome. I reported the issues in the room before I went to dinner and none of them were ever addressed. I was so disapointed with my stay and noticed a few other hotels in or near downtown Ithaca and will look into those for a future stay. The parking situation at this hotel is aweful! You have to park in a garage that is a ten minute walk away and it is unsafe in there. My car got damaged! And when I left an article of clothing there, they told me that it was never found. I know I left it and I am it is disapointing that they have dishonest staff. The room could certainly use an update, as well as the internet. The staff was ok but a bit more friendliness wouldn't hurt. The restaurant is ok, but there are many better option close-by on the commons. I hope my concerns are addressed as I am sure I'm not the only ones who experienced these issues. For a Hilton brand, this property is overdue for an changes in both the staff or training as well as the outdated facilities. The rooms were nothing special, and the bathrooms were particularly small. The staff seemed disinterested and did not display the authentic interest to serve that I have come to expect from Hilton.Fives is the most arrogant restaurant I have been to... I entertained clients at the Peninsula NYC, where I was staying and received the poorest service ever...Staff was snooty, food was luke warm and presentation average.The Hilton has a nice enterance and I was checked in to an ok room (a little too close to the elevator though). When I asked for recommendations for dining the first option the front desk gave me was Kilpatricks which is located in the hotel. Upon entering I was impressed with the layout and the interesting booths but this is where my pleasure stopped. As soon as I sat down I could hear the table next to my complain about their dished to the waitress. She then got her manager and she was very unhospitable to the couple! She didn't even comp a meal, she basicall said 'deal with it'. Isn't the customer always right? That manager was a poor example to her wait staff and is clearly in the wrong industry. My food was ok but I feel that I should have went and dined somewhere else on the Commons. The rooms could use a facelift and they should really get rid of the duvets! Overall, I was VERY unimpressed with my stay and will find a better value for my money elsewhere.  I booked this hotel because I had heard that it was "the place to stay in NYC". This is certainly NOT "the place to stay" it is an absoloute rip-off and the service is horrible. Staff has a "too cool" attitude and the rooms are uninteresting. I found a stain in my sheets upon arrival and therefore I called housekeeping to complain and they did not even apologize. They then took an hour to come up and service my room. For the $800.00 per night I was paying I found this to be insulting and extremely dissapointing. The staff was so stuffy and uncaring at this Soho Hotel. It really ruined our experience, and we will not be back.The hotel itself was okay, but there was so much noise coming from the street at night, that it made the cost of the hotel not make any sense. We complained but were met with no solution other than earplugs. The staff just didn't seem to care about our experience. Plus, the lighting in the rooms was so dark and dim. We had high expectations, and they were, unfortunately, not met. The best part of staying at this hotel is the restaurant. The rooms just aren't comfortable, and it would have been nice if there had been complimentay wi-fi. It felt cold, and the rooms were too small. My stay at The Mercer was just okay, I would stay. For the prices we were charged, I thought that the staff was not very warm, the rooms were too small, and I thought that breakfast should have been included. Room service took way too long to arrive, and when I had arrived at the hotel the day earlier, although my room was not ready, no one offered to take my bags or make me comfortable while I waited. It was a disappointing experience all around. This stay will be my last. You just don't get enough bang for your buck at this hotel. Even the King Suite is pretty small, and although I can see how some guests might think this hotel is chic, it was not warm enough for me. Mostly white and steel. Beware of this feeling before booking your room. I was a recent guest at The Peninsula New York and ended up waiting over 20 minutes to check-in, to then be told my accommodations were not available until after 3pm. I sat in the lounge area, where I waited, yet again, for a server to greet me and take my order. I was not provided with any extraordinary levels of service one would expect. When I finally did check in, I walked into a small, somber room, which was a true disappointment. My luggage had not been sent up by this time and I had to wait an hour for the Bellmen to show up.I was not impressed with the amenities at this Soho Hotel. And I thought the staff was a bit unfriendly. I am accustomed to having a gym in my hotel, and I thought it was an inconvenience to have to travel elsewhere. The beds were not very comfortable, unfortunately, and there was a problem with my reservation when I arrived. All and all, I did not feel like it was a great experience. As one of the more expensive hotels in the Ithaca area, I was disappointed with the overall experience of my recent stay. We came to visit the Ithaca College and Cornell campuses and when we discussed this at check-in, we were not assisted with any college or area specific information that may have proved helpful for our visit. This may be expecting too much, but a simple area map or suggestions on where to eat on either campus would have been great tips to enhance our visit.There were bedbugs at this hotel! Do not stay!I just stayed at this hotel, and I wish that the website had given better pictures of the rooms, because I found ours to be so small, and there was a big stain on our couch in the room. It just did not feel taken care of, and little things like clean towels being replenished at night did not happen. I was surpised because I usually like Andre Balaz's properties, but this was a let down. Our stay in the hotel was a mixed experience. The staff at the hotel was okay, but our server at Mercer Kitchen was terrible. Rude and full of attitude. I wish it had not colored my experience of the hotel at large, but it did. Avoid the restaurant, and you'll have a better stay. This is a friend's favorite place to stay in NYC, so I was really looking forward to my experience, but I could not have been more disappointed. The room felt dirty and dark, the front desk did not have any new, exciting suggestions for dining that I did not already know, and in general, the furniture, including the bed, was not comfortable. The restaurant was okay, dinner better than lunch, but for the price, I wanted a much better experience than what I got. I was expecting luxury, but I got ordinary. I wasn't impressed as I was when I stayed in their NYC and ATL hotel. The hotel needs renovation and more staffing. Check in took too long and valet was about a 20 minute wait. The Peninsula Spa is not what I hoped for....Described as one of the best in NYC and one of the reasons I booked the hotel. The staff is unfriendly and unfamiliar with their services. Additionallly, the treatments are very average and too costly.The Peninsula NYC is not comparable to any other of its sister hotels. Located in a very part of the City, it is impossible to find a cab, rooms are noisy, staff is cold and the hotel overall provides average amenities.Felt claustrophobic...The ceilings are low, the elevators are miniscule and the accommodations are average. Rated a 5 star, I have stayed in much better hotels in the City, rated less.Not a family destination. I traveled to the hotel with my family where I had hoped I would have been looked after..This hotel is perhaps convenient for business, but not for leisure. No unique offerings, and menus are not tailored for children.The Mercer Hotel sadly did not live up to my expectations. We usually stay uptown but wanted to try something new for this stay as we wanted to do a lot of eating at downtown restaurants, we love NYC restaurants! The location was just right but that was about the only thing that was right about The Mercer. Jean Georges is the name behind their "Mercer Kitchen" so we were excited about this aspect of the hotel as well as we have enjoyed his other restaurants in the past. We asked the concierge to make us a reservation for two on the third evening of our stay (so it wasn't even a same or next day reservation) and they told us that we could not get a reservation. So I can't even eat at the hotel I am staying at?! We explained that we were very excited to eat at Mercer Kitchen and it is part of why we stayed at the property, if there were not tables for hotel guests that is something that they should say at time of booking or at least offer to make a reservation. Then the Front Desk proceeded to tell us that room service is available 24/7....seriously? We ended up walking around and finding a nice meal on our own with little help of the hotel. When we did get room service it was cold, uninteresting  and slow. SO, if you are a foodie don't waste your time at The Mercer.Paying more than $200/night, I expected to have a better than average stay and interaction at the Hilton Garden Inn. However, this was unfortunately not the case. Our room was not ready until 5:00pm (2 hours after guaranteed check-in) and even though we notified the front desk that we were on a tight schedule (visiting our son for parent's weekend at his fraternity) no particular urgency was seen on their part or alternative services offered to store our bags or assist us in any way until our room was ready 3 hours after we arrived. Needless to say, I will seek other accommodations next time we come to Ithaca.I know the hotel was slow because I didn't see a lot of people in the lobby and got the room on a discount on Expedia. I asked for an upgrade because it was our anniversary and I was told no because of the rate. For a special occasion, I feel that that the hotel should try to do something to make you feel good. I had some bites on my legs. I swear they are bed bugs. I complained at checkout and the manager denied it. She took down my information but no one has contacted me. They missed my wake up call and I was late to my meetings. Valet lost the keys to my car and it was Sunday. They were not able to get me keys and send me my car until Tuesday. The hotel rented me a car to drive back to Knoxville that day, but it took about 6 hours. Bathroom was dirty and there was hair on the sheets. Not a good first impression. Apparently the hotel "lost" my reservation and they did not have a room for me. At first it was my fault until I showed a confirmation number. After a long day of work and then traveling, the last thing I want to happen is to arrive at my hotel and be sent to another one because you did a poor job of managing reservations. Hotel does not remember room preference and seems to try to give unusual rooms such as disability room or a closet. I would have liked to have seen more information regarding the cost of services on your website, for example I had to call the hotel to understand the cost for parking and internet access as it was not easily found on the website.I stay on a regular basis. At least one week every other month. Every time I check in I get asked the same question, "Is this your first stay with us?" No, in fact it's my 100th. Please implement some sort system so that you know which room I like, what paper I want and that I do have a car (every time). Keep my credit card on file - I use the same one every time.After having stayed at the Peninsula Hong Kong, I would have expected so much more...I asked to be taken to my offices in the hotel car and was offer a Mini-Cooper!
I had wanted to entertain a client at the rooftop bar, which was closed for an event and suggested the lobby bar. When I arrived, there were no seats to be found and the Manager was less than accommodating!I will never stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again. We visited last weekend as part of the Cornell class reunions and were hysterical when we found bed bugs in our room! The hotel only offered to change the sheets and would not let us move rooms as they did not have any other available rooms during our stay. Having no other choices, we slept with the bugs... It would have been nice if they had arranged for an exterminator to come clean our room when the problem was found, but I guess that would have been too much work for the staff.Overall, inconvenient. Rooms are small, one has to walk up flights of stairs to check-in which is most inconvenient for seniors and anyone with handicaps. Elevators are small and cramped. Spent my honeymoon night at The Peninsula...very disappointing. Though I did highlight it was my wedding night when I made the reservations, we received no special treatment during our stay. Our name was never used by any staff member and though we spent several nights, we were never recognized.The Peninsula, over rated and over priced! There are many other hotels in the City, with more competitive rates and better amenities. Location is in a bustling part of the City, where one is mobbed by people as soon as you walk out the door.I choose this hotel due to its proximity to my meetings that I had while I was in town.  The locationw as definitely good for that purpose, but that's about it!  The hotel is located in a shopping center that is a bear to get in and out of since it is the holiday season.  I literally had to wait at crowded intersections that were jammed just to get into the shopping plaza and then wait for pedestrians, etc.  Don't get me wrong, the setting is quaint, but not when you are busy and trying to get in and out and back to your room quickly.  I frequently travel to the area for business and thought I would try staying at the Renaissance this time around.  The hotel was a bit impersonal, I felt a bit like an average joe checking in a getting my key card, which for the price I paid, was a bit unnerving.  I didn't feel like the price was justified and it seemed more like I was paying for the expensive real estate in the snazzy shopping plaza it was located in.  I would consider staying again because it was convenient for my meetings, however I hope they do some customer service training with their staff!We live an hour from Raleigh and thought it would be fun to do some shopping and dining in the area for a little staycation.  The location of Renaissance was perfect.  Unfortunately, that's the only good thing I can say about our stay - as the rest of the experience was just so so.  We didn't experience any try guest service and I'm not sure how they can be considered four diamond when they barely look at you when you are speaking to them.  Yes the rooms are large and comfortable, but it is the people that truly make the place and I would say they need to do some serious training!During our recent stay at the Renaissance, we were highly disappointed with the facility of the pool.  We were with our young children who love to swim and we specificially stayed here because they offer an indoor pool.  What isn't so clear when booking the hotel is that the pool is actually located in the Gold's Gym next door to the hotel and that it was under maintenance for our stay.  This was a huge disappointment for our children and for us as this was an activity we had planned on doing.  Unfortunately there was no alternative so we had to make do with the shopping and entertainment options in the North Hills area which ended up being fine.  I think the hotel needs to communicate better about its facilities.I enjoy the Renaissance brand and didn't hesitate to book this hotel for my upcoming trip to the area.  I was highly disappointed with the accommodations though.  My room overlooked a busy highway which considering the quaint location of North Hills, was a supreme disappoinment.  I found the room to be noisy and lack any special qualities.  I think this was a terrible lack of planning to build an expensive hotel overlooking a busy highway.Honestly, it seems like everything went wrong for my wife and I at our recent stay at the Renaissance.  It started when we arrived and the front desk manager informed us that they were sold out of king beds and ended with a billing issue that took 15 minutes to sort out.  We weren't in the hotel very much during our stay and I'm glad we weren't because there was little character to the place and we preferred walking around the quaint North Hills shopping area more than staying in our room overlooking a highway.  Next time we come to Raleigh I will definitely be staying somewhere else!  We wanted a bit of R&R on our recent overnight in Raleigh and had heard alot about the Renaissance and decided to give it a try!  We were very unimpressed and don't get what all the buzz is about.  The staff was friendly, but they didn't do anything to wow me and my husband.  I guess we thought there was going to be something more special about the place but we just didn't see it.  Also, the shopping center it is located in is charming but BUSY.  We felt like we didn't really get away because we were bombarded with shoppers, traffic, stores, lights and it really wasn't a relaxing environment.  I'll come back to this hotel when I have a to do list I'm trying to accomplish!One of the male front desk agents, I believe his name was Mark?, was quite possibly the rudest staff member I have ever encountered at a hotel in my many travels. When we asked for restaurant recommendations, he simply pointed to the door and told us to walk outside... later that night, we asked for a wakeup call and he said there was an alarm clock in our room... and even still, when we asked for a late checkout the next day, he refused, saying that if we left at any point after the 12:00pm checkout time, there would be an automatic $50 late departure charge billed to us, ridiculous!!For the price, this hotel is overrated!  The rooms are boring, like a typical Hampton Inn at best and the amenities are lacking.  To be honest, you would probably be happier at a Hampton Inn paying a lower rate and getting nice amenities like free breakfast!  This hotel really offered no value and while the staff was nice, I wouldn't say they were particularly polished or professional.  Most times I walked by the desk, they were chatting with one another and didn't even notice me.It took me a week to calm down before I could write this review.  My stay was so horrible that I honestly will never stay at another Renaissance hotel anywhere.  My room was dirty, no ifs ands or buts about it, it was dirty.  When I called to the desk to complain and request a room change they apologized and offered to send someone right up.  When the housekeeper arrived she confessed that they never cleaned the room and that they shouldn't have checked me into it.  I felt so gross and felt I should get compensated in some way.  Unfortunately the manager couldn't do anything.  They were sold out so there were no available rooms to move me to, so I had to wait it out with one glass of wine as an apology.  I really think this place needs to reconsider how it handles its customers!The reason for my low rating is because the price you pay does not equal what you get.  There are plenty of other lower priced options that you'd get so much more for.  This hotel thinks it is luxury but it is really just faking it.  They offer almost nothing in regards to amenities, they even charge for internet!  I'm used to staying in hotels that care about their customers and want to promote loyalty, but I just didn't find a good reason to want to come back to this hotel brand.  Next time I will stay somewhere without the fancy facade for half the price and get more!I chose the Mercer hotel after a recommendation by a friend. I normally stay at a different downtown location but my friend persuaded me to stay here with her so I tought I should try it. Prior to my stay I was particularly impressed with the amenity list, ie same day pressing service, day passes to soho equinox, etc. Unfortuately these did not live up to my expectations! I called for pressing service in the morning as I was headed to the event that I came to NYC for. It took them an hour to pick it up (I called at 6:30 am to ensure that it would be ready by that evening), afer I had to call and remind them. Then, I told them that it absoloutly had to be ready at 6:30. At 6:45 when I called down they claimed that they did not have a piece of laundry for me, We went back and forth for an hour and it was still not found...this obviosuly made me late to my event with nothing to wear, the dress was finally found the next morning, aparently it had been marked as next day service. DO NOT OFFER SERVICES IF YOU CAN'T PROVIDE THEM! The rest of my stay was fine, it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth to spend that kind of money on a hotel that provides unreliable service.I checked in to the Mercer Hotel very excited for a weekend of shopping and downtown dining with my sister. After a long redeye flight we were excited to take a nap before our day began. We booked the evening before so we could check in for our 7:30 am arrival that day. Two days before arrival I had called the reservationist to make sure this was all set. When we arrived they claimed to have no record of this and because we did not show up the evening before, they took a last minute booking and our room was not ready until 2 pm. They were extremely apologetic but this was very frusturating as I double checked this with their reservationist, maybe she just did not care enough to write it down? The Jean Georges restaurant in the hotel was good, not my favorite of his though...I prefer the J&G Grill. Otherwise, good location and slept well once we got into our room.Do not stay here, there is an attitude of the front desk staff that will make you want to run out the door!! This is not what I expected from supposedly one of NYC's best hotels?The rooms are fine, nothing extremely special and a nice lobby but the staff was too busy snickering behind the desk and perching their lips with their overly trendy looks to have interest in the guests. I simply found them unwelcoming and unapproachable. I even heard them talking badly about another guest, how very unprofessional! Too bad because the location is great if you want to be in the heart of soho shopping, its just not where I would want to call my home when visting NYC.If you are a NYC traveler who relies on room service throughout your stay, do not stay here! When I come to New York I am traveling for business and on the go, therefore normally have my meals in the room. Considering the hotel's reputation, you would this that they would figure this out by now. There was something wrong with every order I made, whether it was wrong, cold, or late. For a traveler such as myself this is an important aspect and says a lot about the back of house organization. Also, not having a gym on property is a bit of a let down, although Equinox is a nice gym I really do not want to fight the crowds, (at peak hours it is very likely that you will have to wait for a treadmill)  having a gym on property would really up the value of this property. I am currently looking for a new go-to in NYC, it is just not the place for a business traveler.Better options in downtown NYC, this hotel does not provide the service to be expected at a top rated hotel. When we arrived there were no bellmen to assist with luggage in sight. After we lugged our wee's work of luggage through the door, we then waited at the reception desk for at least 10 minutes while two receptionists were assisting one guest.  They seemed to be having more of a pow-wow. You would think that they at leask would have acknowleged us? The rooms are a bit uninteresting, clean and fine enough but little effort seemed to be put into the design. I like the idea of boutique hotels but when they do not provide the service it is extremely dissapointing.I booked a Courtyard room at the Mercer but when I arrived they had me in for a Deluxe room. It was just me for this stay therefore I did not need a Deluxe which I have stayed in there a few times before. When I arrived they told me that I was in a Deluxe room. I said that I booked a Couryard for this stay so it must be a mistake. They claimed that this had been changed and unfortunately they were sold out and did not have a Courtyard room to put me in. I figured that this may be an upgrade due to their availability but when I checked out they charged me the full price of a Deluxe room and began to argue that I had changed the room type. This to me was terrible customer service and extremely disrespectful to accuse me of something that I did not do. Eventually they removed the charge but it was handled extremely poorly. Although I always enjoyed my stays at The Mercer I do not want to deal with their staff again, therefore will not be returning.If you are looking for an unattentive and snooty staff, overpriced drinks, and a sterile enviornment than you have come to the right place. Do not waste your money here, there are so many other better options at downtown hotels in NYC. We finally got a seat at the bar after waiting for 30 + minutes as in house guests and did not recieve the welcome expected. The bartender seemed more interested in a group of hip people who did not seem like they were staying there. I am not an attention seeker but as an in house guest, you would think that we would get a little bit of special treatment. Such as, I think they should reserve some space for guests only as I do not think I should have to fight a crowd to get a seat at my own hotel's lounge. When we arrived to check-in at the hotel, we were downgraded from our whirlpool suite to a traditional room for no apparent reason. The manager apologized and assured us that our room rate had been "significantly" reduced to make up for the oversight, however, it was "significantly" reduced to the best available rate for the traditional room type that I could have booked online. Otherwise, the stay was fine and the staff was nice enough, but you guarantee your room reservation with a credit card for a reason, to make sure you get that room! Do not waste your time with this hotel, for my husband's 40th birthday I booked the Studio room, which was lovely. I let them know ahead of time and asked to put champagne in the room. This was not done, I kindly called because I was hoping they could just bring it up then. There was no apology but it was brought up relatively promptly. At the end of our stay $150 was charged to our bill for the champagne which initally came across as complimentary when the reservationist asked if we were celebrating a special occasion. We did not say anything I just think that is portrays poor hospitality and communication. Also, we had them book a meal for us at Del Posto (which was delicious by the way!!) for the evening of my husband's birthday. The concierge confirmed 7:30 to us but when we arrived to the restaurant they had us in for 6:30? Luckily even though they were packed the restaurant had us sit at the bar for a drink and got us in by 8:15. This was a big mistake of the concierge's part, lucky for them that Del Posto was so accomodating. If you stay at the Mercer double check with the restaurant what time your reservation is yourself!!I just checked out of the Renaissance Raleigh North Hills and it was an absolute disaster.  From the time of check in until check out it was nothing but poor service.  I would never return to this hotel.  Do not stay here!Overall poor hotel.  No customer service, no attention to detail and miserable looking staff.  The front desk agent was so rude to us upon check in when telling us our room was not ready.  I will never stay here again.DO NOT STAY HERE!  I was here on business and have never been treated so poorly.  Rooms were new, but not well kelp with stains and scuffed furniture.  Housekeeping service was not complete with leaving trash under the bed.  No one seemed happy to work there.  When traveling as much as I do I want to see happy people.The worst hotel....I have been treated better at a Motel 6!  Other people must notice this because the place was empty the whole time I was there.  No one in the lobby or restaurant.  No one would even say hello to me when I walked in and the staff were never paying attention and only talking in groups.  There are shops and restaurants in the mall complex, but it is not worth the price to stay at this hotelStayed here for a conference and it was a very bad experience.  The food for the conference was not edible and they ran out of multiple items for lunch.  No one ever came in to clean the meeting rooms and there were dirty dishes from breakfast at 5:00p!  Don't know if they were understaffed or did not care, but either way it shows.Worst hotel in Charleston.  Upon arrival we waited ten minutes for someone to valet our car.  The bellman was rude when he removed our luggage from our car and even complained he couldn't believe he had to unload all of the luggage for a two night stay.  When we approached the front desk to check-in they could not find our reservation.  After arguing that we DID have a reservation at their hotel we had to show them the print out of our e-mail confirmation before they could find our room in their system.  Once checked in we went to our room and did not receive the champagne and lady fingers as promised on their website.  I just wanted to take a quick shower and a nap after our long trip.  When I pulled back the sheets on the bed there were blood stains on the sheets.  Of course their response was that's impossible.  Only after a 45 min wait for the manager to call me back and then another 30 min after that did we get clean sheets put on the bed.  Couldn't wait to leave this hotel.Terrible hotel and service.  Nothing about the hotel was good, actually everything was beyond bad.  No one was friendly or accomodating to any needs.  I couldn't even get a smile out of anyone.  Miserable experience.This hotel does not get it.  I travel for business a lot and I just want the basics: clean room, friendly and efficient service.  I checked in late in the evening and there was no one at the desk to greet me, room had some used towels in them and breakfast service in the restaurant took forever.POOR!!!! Extremely dissatisfied with my stay here.  Horrible service  and poor experience.  I would not return to this hotel.  They brand themselves as a luxury hotel and charge one of the highest rates in the area, but cannot deliver on that promise.My wife and I are locals who booked the "Romance Package" on the Hilton website a couple of weeks ago, to celebrate our 10th anniversary to get away from the kids for the weekend. However, we were beyond disappointed with our stay that was anything but Romantic because of the Hotel's mistakes.

The "Romance Package" guarantees an early check-in, which they were unable to accommodate, as we didn't get our room until 3:30pm even when we arrived at 1:30pm (regular checkin is at 3pm). The sparkling wine was initially a bottle of non-alcoholic cider that was corrected after we notified room service. And our "full-breakfast for two" in a hotel designated restaurant resulted in a Starbuck's coffee and a danish...not quite my idea of a full breakfast. 

Needless to say, we were upset that our hopes of a romantic getaway were dashed by the poor service of the staff here.I have never been treated so badly at a hotel.  I usually don't comment on these sites, but I had to share what a terrible stay I had here.  First location is not great-in the middle of a traffic congested parking lot and Target.  It was a pain to get my car and get in and out of the area.  No one showed the basics of customer service or looked at all that they enjoyed their job.  I felt like a number and everything was so robotic and not personallized.  Finally, I was personally insulted by a front desk agent that implyed that I did not pay for something I did not consume.Never will return to this hotel! The hotel was busy with what looked like a large conference and wow did the place fall apart.  I couldn't get basics like checking in on time, extra towels delivered, luggage delivered etc.  It took over an hour for each.  Everyone kept apologizing, but nothing was getting done.  One person even told me that they were severely understaffed-great to hear from the customer side.  Never again!Although the hotel is centrally located in the historic district not worth the stay at this establishment.  While staying at this hotel we were very disappointed with the poor attitude of the staff.  From the valet to the front desk at check-in were not given a warm welcome.  I expected southern hospitality and instead received southern hostility.  Don't bother calling the front desk they never answer the phone.  The only person that was nice to us was our housekeeper.  The room was only OK.  For the price I was paying I expected a more luxurious room.  The concierge couldn't answer any of my questions and kept trying to push us towards only one tour company and one restaurant.The French Quarter Inn has a lot lacking.  The rooms are dingy and the carpets could use a good cleaning.  I wouldn't walk barefoot in our room and always had on shoes.  Definitely could use a complete overhaul and reburbish the rooms.  We found a cockroach in our bathroom that was still alive.  When we called the froont desk to complain they told us that it was a palmetto bug and that was normal for Charleston. We couldn't sleep at night because of all of the loud partying on the street outside.  There are too many bars around this hotel that play loud music until 2:00 am.  The rooms should be sound proofed better.  Management informed us they could not move us to another room.  No compensation was made for our poor experience at the hotel.Apparently the  front desk person had just started working the day we arrived.  We waited behind four other people to check-in.   Who would have thought it could take 45 minutes just to check-in to a small hotel.   She seemed frazzled and confused.  From the cheesy shops to the overpriced restaurant we were not impressed with this hotel.  The wait staff was snooty and it took thirty minutes to receive our over priced drink order.  The food was OK but nothing special.  Everytime we left the hotel we would see employees standing outside smoking.  I definitely would not recommend this hotel.My family and I stayed at the French Quarter inn for  weekend this summer and we ended up having quite a few problems. We were placed in a room facing the parking garage; when we attempted to get our room moved  we were told that the hotel was sold out. The concierge at the time recommended a restaurant that was all the way on the other side of town and while nice, we should have been informed that we needed to wear something nicer as we felt uncomfortable the entire dinner. The decor and room were fine but for the price the hotel needs to fine tune their customer service.Stay as far away from this hotel as you can! I booked a last minute deal online and thought I would be getting bargain! What a disappointment. Upon arrival I had to wait at least 10 minutes until a bellman appeared, and then had to wait another 30 minutes until my luggage arrived. Walking past the front desk, do not expect a smile or friendly greeting, all you will receive is a bored look if they even glance up from their computer. I wrote a complaint on the response card provided in the room but have not received a follow back from management. Very disappointed.I should have known when I booked my reservation that the French Quarter Inn was a poor choice. The reservationist made me feel like my questions were stupid and she tried to get me off the phone as soon as possible. Valet service is slow and at $20.00, not worth it. If you can just take a taxi or pedicab and leave your vehicle at home. We found a palmetto bug in our room and when we contacted the front desk they informed us that these are found in all hotels in the south. I'm pretty sure any luxury hotel will not be crawling with bugs. We will never ever return to this "hotel".I recently took my wife on an anniversary getaway. Upon making my reservation, I was assured I would receive a complimentary upgrade since we would be celebrating a special occasion. This did not happen. Our room was fine but we received no special amenities, chocolate covered strawberries, nothing. It was a bit of a let down. From there things just kept getting worse: no hot water, when we called to get this fixed we were told maint. would not be in until the morning. Room service pricing was ridiculous, we ended up just looking for our own breakfast in the morning. We had a early flight and asked for a wake up call that we never received. We almost missed our flight. Beware; if you are looking for anything other than a bed to lie your head down, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.From all the previous reviews I had read, I thought this hotel was going to be flawless. Unfortunately, it does not live up to its luxury hotel sales tag. I could not get the air conditioner to work properly, front desk staff was not overly eager to help, and it did not seem like the concierge knew very much about the city. Would not recommend anyone to stay here.I am a HHonors member and redeemed some of my accrued points for a rewards stay at The Hilton Garden in a couple of weeks ago. However, when I arrived, I was told that due to occupancy levels, this could not be permitted, even though I had a rewards stay confirmation letter. I ended up paying an absurd room rate that I would not have booked had I known I was going to have to pay that rate, however, at that time there were no other hotel rooms available in the area. I'm not sure if this a HHonors problem or a hotel specific ineptitude issue, but I was upset that no discount or recovery in the very least of ways was even offered to make up for a mistake that was clearly not my fault.While the hotel staff was friendly enough, the room itself really needed some upgrades. The carpet looked worn and old, the room had a very unusual odor that lingered even after turndown service, dust found in the corners and crevices of the room. Housekeeping really seems to be doing just the bare minimum and not looking for any type of attention to detail. We were very disappointed in our stay.I am a meeting planner and arrived early before my group this past week. I was shocked to find that even though I had booked over 20 rooms with this hotel, I was not going to have any type of customer service during my stay. We were a late check in but we had online confirmations for a luxury king room. What we ended up with was two queen beds in a room next to the elevator. When I addressed my concerns I was given no apology. The only explanation was that they were full and were unable to move us. My wife and I were forced to sleep in separate beds despite being married for 10 years. Next, when we tried to watch television the channels were fuzzy. I did not even attempt to contact the front desk due to the poor service provided at check in. When my group arrived the next day check in took forever. I would have thought a hotel of this caliber would be equipped to handle a normal group check in. We will look elsewhere the next time Charleston is on our business agenda.My girlfriends and I decided to splurge on a summer getaway and chose the French Quarter Inn. Needless to say, we were not impressed. we found mold on the ceiling vents of our room which created a horrible odor. When we called down to complain, they offered to switch us to a higher level room, but we would be responsible for the additional room charge. Unbelievable!For the amount of service we received, we should have payed a holiday inn rate. Instead, we payed $300.00 for a so so room and so so service. This would have been fine if we did not have the expectation of a luxury hotel. Hotel soap, conditioner was cheap, and they did not have any shoe shining capabilities. Valet service was slow and we received no explanation for having to wait 30 minutes for our car.Website was very difficult to navigate and when I tried to make reservation it kept giving me an error message. Called to make reservation over the phone and had to listen to a lot of hotel descriptions and up selling when all I wanted to do was make a quick reservation online. Really gave the hotel a bad first impression. Check in was fine but had to wait 30 minutes to get our luggage; we were almost late to our dinner reservations because of this. We were not informed that our credit card was going to have a pending charge on our account that remained for a week after our stay. Was very disappointed and we will not be returning.If you are traveling for work I would definitely not stay at the French Quarter Inn.  The free WIFI never works.  Of course the staff blamed it on the type of tablet I had but while talking to other guests they couldn't pick up the WIFI either.  Not being able to work from my hotel room when I had meeetings scheduled in Charleston was disastrous for my business.  In order to work I had to go to a nearby restaurant that offered free WIFI.  Worst stay in Charleston!!!  Being frequent travelers to Charleston we decided to try the French Quarter Inn.  What a disappointment.  The rooms were small and dirty.  Champagne was flat and cheap.  Cookies in the evening were stale.  Coffee was cold and weak.  Breakfast was the same every morning.  We saw staff wiping off tables with dirty rags, not washing their hands and then handling breakfast items without using tongs.  We never at anything at this hotel again after viewing such unsanitary behavior.  I planned a romantic getaway at the French Quarter Inn to propose to my girlfriend.  I had contacted the concierge and had asked that upon our arrival the following items to be placed in our room.  Bottle of Moet et Chandon, chocolate covered strawberries, Charcuterie & Cheese Plate and two dozen roses.  When we arrived none of the items I ordered were  in the room.  The staff couldn't find any record of the items I had ordered even though my credit card had been charged for all of the above.   It took two hours for them to rectify the error and the management did not offer any apology for the concierge's mistake.  This was the start to the worst romantic getaway I ever experienced.Choose another hotel for your stay in Charleston.  At checkin we were told our room wasn't ready even though checkin is guaranteed at 3:00pm and it was 5:00 pm.  We waited another thirty minutes for our room.  No apologies were offered to us.  The only comment was "we had a lot of check outs today".  Upon entering the room there wasn't any towels in the bathroom nor toiletries.   It took another thirty minutes for our luggage to arrive in our room.  The mattress was lumpy and worn out.  The linens on the bed were thread bare.  The Days Inn would have been a step up from this hotel.Although the rooms were spacious we had a view of a brick wall.  Maybe that is why we could never receive the WIFI signal.  Our in room safe didn't work and there was nobody working in maintenance to fix the safe.  When we made the reservation it was explained that I am highly allergic to feathers.  There were feather pillows in the room.  The room smelled like cigarette smoke.  We were told there were no other rooms available and they couldn't move us.  My trip was spent at the ER with a severe migraine from the down pillows and cigarette smoke.