I have just returned home from a lovely stay at The Statler Hotel! We enjoyed our stay from the moment we were greeted by the swift valet until we checked out with the friendly and efficient front desk staff. Throughout our stay we had delicious food at Taverna Banfi several times; breakfast, lunch, and dinner were always served with a smile (I loved the salmon!). The Regent Lounge has been recently renovated and we LOVE the outcome, great work Statler. The Statler Hotel continues to wow us and it is truly a pleasure to see the Hotel students blossom into hospitality leaders. Keep up the great work, we look forward to returning!The enthusiastic staff more than made our stay! The rooms were plush with Cornell blankets, mugs, and other nice touches throughout. If you want a true Cornell experience, this is the best place to stay, and if you ask nicely, they may even upgrade you to a room with a view of the clock tower if it's not too busy when you're staying.Fantastic Trip of A Lifetime!  The Market Pavlion is a small boutique hotel. The same staff took care of us everyday of our three day stay. This is a plus for me. It gives the hotel the feel of of an old world private club. Everyone knew our names and truly were glad to see us.  The staff is so eager to help you enjoy your visit to Charleston with suggestions of places to see and things to do.  From the doorman to the bartender and everyone in between the staff is top notch.  The rooftop bar is great for drinks and the view. The pool is small but great for sun bathing or cooling off. 

The rooms are spacious, clean and have a great view of the market.  We had adjourning rooms and the adjourning doors were open prior to our arrival.  The kids enjoyed going down to visit the concierge who would tell them stories about Charleston, the aquarium, boat tours, candy stores, etc.  She helped us plan a kid friendly trip and even knew which restaurants nearby had childrens menus.  

Will save up our money for a return trip.  Well worth the price because your trip will be memorable.

I stayed at The Setai in November and it blew me away. I have stayed at many five star resorts and this one was truly exceptional. The rooms were immaculate and spacious.  The restaurants were delicious and the service was top-notch. I will definitely be returning to The Setai!The Setai Miami Beach has it all. The property is gorgeous, the rooms are spacious, the staff are friendly and attentive. Every penny spent was worth it.  Samir at The Restaurant brightened every morning!  Make sure to try the waffles. Driving up to The Setai you wouldn't think much about the plain white building but once you walk inside you are transported into another world.  Leave behind the hustle and bustle of Collins Avenue and go to this Sanctuary.  Every need was tended to with speed and precision. I didn't need to leave the resort to have everything I needed. I stayed at The Setai recently and tried their new Steak house, The Grill.  The food was superb and uncomplicated.  Each dish was executed perfectly and tasted amazing!  The hotel has a strong Asian influence and is a refreshing change to the glitz of Miami Beach.We regularly stay at The Setai as I frequently travel to Miami for work.  Every time we walk in the hotel it feels like we are coming home! The staff always remembers our names and what our preferences are. The concierge team is always giving us great restaurant recommendations and the pool area is so relaxing.We stayed at The Setai this summer and we don't normally stay at such nice hotels. This place was worth every penny. The food was amazing, the staff tended to our every need, and the rooms were clean and comfy.  Thank you to The Setai team for making our stay so wonderful. We live in Miami and frequent The Setai for dinner, brunch and the occasional overnight stay.  The company recently underwent a management change but you could not tell from the service and quality.  We still see many familiar faces and are greeted warmly every time we arrive. If you havent visited The Setai yet, make it a priority!I stayed at The Setai for work. We had several small meetings in the hotel over the course of a few days.  The weather was rainy and gloomy but the hotel was still hustling and bustling.  The Setai team was there to handle every request and the meetings were a big success. I would definitely recommend The Setai to my friends and family. Next time I come back it will be for pleasure and not business!I stayed at the Hotel over Art Basel week. I spent a lot of time out of the hotel but every time I came back it was like coming home. Even when there were events taking place, I was always greeted in the Lobby and welcomed back. Even on the busiest weekend I was never made to wait and service was flawless.Have to say our stay was absolutely Perfect!!It wasn't particularly busy while we were staying at the hotel, and because of that, we were upgraded to a King room with a superior view of campus, talk about great customer service!! The food and server, Kate, were also excellent in Banfi.This is the second time I have stayed at The Setai. I am not sure it was possible but I think my second stay was better than my first!  I was welcomed back to the Hotel upon arrival and they even remembered my favorite treat from last time I visited and had it waiting in the room! I have many dietary restrictions and the hotel and chef have been very accomodating.Unlike any other hotel on the beach. The decor is amazing and you feel like you are transported to another world when you enter the Asian lobby. The rooms are also fresh and bed was oh so comfortable. Best night sleep ever!!!Exquisite food and service in The Grill. The new restaurant had just opened and they have the best steaks outside New York. Great Wine list too. Fernando at the concierge is the best! We traveled for the first time with our six month only boy and were hesitant about what to do in Miami. Fernando and the concierge staff centered our activities around our son, even allowing for activities where he was watched by a nanny, allowing my wife and myself to enjoy a night out on the town.  My new favorite hotel. I stayed at the St. Regis before because it was new but was not impressed. After not being able to use my points there, I decided on The Setai and will never look back. 

I'm still loyal to St. Regis in any other city, but in Miami my choice is The Setai. Fantastic overall - from service, food to ambiance and style. We never heard of The Setai but after our friends suggested it, we decided to give it a try. We were most impressed with the way we were treated by all the staff members. After our fist night, everyone knew who were were and called us by name. There were other guests at the hotel but somehow, we felt like we were the only ones in the eyes of the staff. Impeccable attention to detail. The Spa is a must try!!It rained the entire time that we were there but the hotel more than made up for the weather by offering activities that did not depend on the weather or were indoors. The house car was a great benefit when we wanted to explore the neighborhood in the rainy weather. While the hotel is expensive, I still saved on experiencing hospitality that was uniquely Asian in style. Had I traveled to Asia, I would probably have to pay much more with the flight etc. The food in the main restaurant is also as close to authentic Asian I have ever experienced in the US.They have the best cocktails at the bar. Philip is a master in mixing drinks based on your mood and making suggestions. The ambiance and overall setting are not too bad either. The Sunday brunch is out of this world. There is so much food on the buffet so better come hungry. The desserts are to die for and endless mimosas are the icing on the cake. Service is unrivaled and the jazz music adds a nice touch to the classy decor.  I recently stayed at The Statler to attend a conference with the department of anthropology at Cornell University. I was impressed with the students who run the hotel, as it was quite surprising to know that so many students are interested in hospitality and even more specifically delivering great service at this hotel. It was also most convenient to stay here, as the hotel is perfectly situated on campus for all of my meetings. I will say that although I was not paying for the room, the rate does seem a bit steep!I wish I could stay here forever. I felt like a king when visiting The Setai for one night on business. Everyone was genuinely friendly and service was efficient. Visited the restaurant twice and had a great experience on each visit. Looking forward to returning. My family and I arrived around midnight and the GSA was very curtious getting us to our room at such a late hour. After we made it to our room, we realized we needed extra pillows, which we requested and was brought to us immediatly. The rooms were immaculate and the the coffee bar areas were so nice. The overall hotel was beautiful and I would recommend to anyone a great find.My husband and I stayed at the Hutton for a long weekend vacation. It was such a relaxing environment. Every staff member we came into contact with was friendly and curtious. Housekeeping did an amazing job in our rooms. All the extra touches to the turndown service was perfect. Dinner at the 1808 Grille made our journey even better. Overall, we were able to stay at a luxury hotel and enjoyed a fine dining experience all in one.After checking in to the Hutton, I noticed that my wallet was missing. Before I paniced, I contacted the front desk. The GSA confirmed that my wallet was safe and was being held in a safe downstairs.. Once I retrieved my wallet, I realized that honesty in this day and time was worth my business anyday.My honeymoon at the Hutton was amzing. We received a complimantry bottle of champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The In room dining was just as good as if we had went to the resturant. Each day there was either chocolate or flowers to remind us of our special day. Before leaving, we had a very nice card from our housekeeper. The personalized services was definanitly worth my business in the future.A short business trip to Nashville, stayed a the Hutton on West End. Perfectly located to great resturants and downtown. Very relazed environment, which allowed me to utilize the lobby for workspace. Staff was curtious and would recommend to anyone traveling for business.Came to Nashville for John Legends concert. Loved everything from the lobby, to the rooms and the 1808 Grille.  Staff was friendly and enjoyed the extra's that the hotel offered. Valet was amazing in getting us to where we wanted to go. We had our wedding at the Hutton hotel. The banquet space had an amazing view of downtown Nashville. Everything I wanted from my reception, I received. The service and food was amazing. We ended up staying in one of the suites. The showers are amazing and loved the tv's in the bathroom mirrors. Complimentry breakfast was delicious. A great place to spend a memorable moment.The Hutton hotel is a great place to stay in Nashville, especially if you are a pet owner. They are welcomed with a goodie bag, along with a floor just for pets. The rooms are equiped with everything needed to make my pet feel at home. Service is one of a kind and would recommed to anyone.A quiet but unique hotel located in the heart of Nashville. The Hutton has much to offer from its friendly staff, to the amazing wine and locally owned food that is served gourmet style. The rooms are cute and cozy and the showers are one of a kind. I am currently writing this review from my room at the hotel as I stare out at the beautiful view of the lake and campus! The hotel is outstanding, the rooms are recently refurbished and I have really enjoyed the trendy lobby bar that has a great drink selection. I was impressed that when I notified the hotel of my severe feather allergy, that they assured me my room would be feather-free and sure enough, when I arrived early at 11 in the morning, there was no wait to get into my room that had been specially prepared for me, truly impressive!I had the dinner at the 1808 Grille located in the Hutton Hotel. Wine Wednesday was informative and the service was excellent. The Setai Fifth Avenue is truly the number one hotel in New York City.  The size of the rooms are uncommon for New York, we booked the Standard room, but we thought we got upgraded because the size of the room is bigger  in comparison to the suite we booked in another hotel last time we visited.  

The service is the most important to me and the Setai staff has exceeded my expectations. They are alway willing to assist us with a smile.  This is the hotel that values their guests and made us very special in every way.   

The food at Ai Fiori  Restaurant which is a Michelin Star rated the best Mediteranean food I ever had and it is open for breakfast and lunch that made it easy for us to decide where to eat.   I will definitely return to Setai and I will recommend to my colleagues and friend.  It is the best hotel in New York City!  Excellent hotel in every way!  I will recommend the Setai to anyone!Best hotel in New York City!  Kudos to the management for hiring good people who are always there for us during our stay!  Congratulations!I needed to change my choice of hotel as I got tired of using the old traditional hotels, but I wanted a quiet yet has a good ambiance and I found Setai while browsing the TripAdvisor.  It was one of the best decision I made.  The Setai Fifth Avenue is the perfect hotel for me!  The Setai Fifth Avenue made our wedding anniversary very special.  I promised Ashley (front desk agent) that we will stay at the Setai every year to celebrate.  The rooms are spacious and they greet us by name everytime we arrive from shopping.  The welcome amenity (free Champagne!) made our stay even better!  Everything was perfect!  We could not ask for more.... from the size of the room to the service of staff was top notch!The location and the size of the rooms was perfect!  We will return hopefully soon!It was our first time visiting New York and we were worried that we might get lost, but the Setai Fifth Avenue location was perfect for the first timer like us as we can walk anywhere to Broadway, Rockefeller Center, Empire State (the view we had from our room!), Madison Square Garden and other main attractions in NYC.  We saved a lot of money as we did not need to take a the yellow cab.  Perfect hotel in every way!The best hotel in New York City period!The anticipation of the front desk staff was the differentiator during my recent stay at this hotel. When I made my reservation, they had the foresight to inquire as to whether I was flying into Ithaca, at which point they offered to arrange their complementary shuttle to pick me up from the airport. When I arrived, I was given a packet of materials for my conference and the front desk agent was so kind to make some restaurant recommendations and print off directions for me as well. Finally, at check out, a late checkout was not a problem at all, as my meetings went into the afternoon and I couldn't leave promptly at noon. 

Truly an exceptional hotel with outstanding staff that care for their guests!I travelled to New York often for business and our company has a special rate at another chain hotels but I got sick and tired of the same decor and size of the rooms and decided to change.  I found the Setai Fifth Avenue online.  The rate is reasonable for 5 Star Hotel that offers large size of guestrooms, free internet, sodas and water replenished every day and Maserati car service for free anywhere in Manhattan is a great deal!  I will return soon! My husband and I returned to campus to visit as alumni and decided to stay at the Statler to try it out for once. It was really cool to see the students working at the hotel and to speak to them about our times at school and how it has changed. They are all so interested in helping us in anyway they could. They even arranged a wine tour route for the two of us to explore and taste some local wines at vineyards in the surrounding area. It was great to be back on campus and staying at the Statler was the cherry on top of it all!The Statler Hotel is the best place to stay in Ithaca! The service and location are excellent. We always dine at Taverna Banfi and the food is delicious, the pork sandwich is amazing! The bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the housekeepers are efficient and friendly. Keep up the good work, we can't wait to return.I cannot describe how beautiful the view was from my corner suite! It is well-worth the cost. The service and smiles match the calliber of the view. It's the perfect place to stay as I always have many meetings on campus. The valet is very helpful, especially when I need my car promptly. I am always impressed with every area of the hotel!Thank you for a fantastic stay. We came to Ithaca for a mini vacation and the staff was very helpful in recommending places for us to visit. They were not only knowledgeable about the campus but the town and area attractions as well. The wineries, gorges, shopping and restaurants were fantastic to see. After a long couple days of traveling and site-seeing it was nice to return to a clean, well appointed room. We will certainly stay at the Statler if we return to Ithaca (I hope that we do!)We love The Statler Hotel! The students and full-time staff should be very proud of their hard work and hospitality. The valet and front desk staff are alwas very welcoming and provide prompt service with a smile. They always welcome us back, making us feel as though its our home away from home. Every room we have stayed in is always clean and well appointed. We always dine in Taverna Banfi several times during our stay and the menu options are delicious. There is truly no better place to stay in Ithaca. The staff is very accommodating in every area of the hotel! The front desk staff was welcoming and informative during arrival, departure and while we inquired about area attractions. The staff and food in Taverna Banfi were fantastic; the staff was knowledgeable about the food and wine and provided prompt service and delicious food. Our room was spacious and clean; we loved that it was serviced while we were out of the room. Lastly, the valet staff are friendly, organized, and fast! The Statler Hotel provides the total package, I'd give all of the students and full time staff an A+. Don't change a thing!We came to tour the university and staying at The Statler Hotel was the best option. The students that were working were able to answer all of our question. The hotel is conveniently place in central campus, a perfect location to tour the campus. It is great to see that the students have such a great opportunity working and learning at the same time. The Hotel School has a lot to be proud of. We hope our daughted gets accepted to Cornell. We will certainly spend the next four years staying at the Statler if she does!My stay at The Greenwich Hotel was simply fabulous. The staff could not be any warmer, and they were very helpful in assisting with great dinner reservations. I love the Drawing Room, especially for breakfast and late night drinks, and my room was so homey and rich. I will certainly be back!The pool at The Greenwich along with The Shibui Spa provide the most amazing respite from the world I have ever found in a hotel setting. As if the rooms were not enough, this detail puts The Greenwich above and beyond. I want to live at The Greenwich Hotel!My husband and I stayed at The Greenwich for our 30th wedding anniversary. There was a complimentary bottle of chilled champagne waiting for us in the room, and the front desk greeted us knowingly. Room service was quick and delicious, as was dining at Locanda Verde. The pasta is so good! We loved getting massages at the Shibui Spa, and will recommend the hotel to all our friends. It was a very romantic stay. You hardly feel like you are in a hotel when you are at The Greenwich. It feels more like you're staying at a welcoming relatives luxurious home. We loved dining in the serine couryard, and especially loved the extra deep soaking tun made of marble in our Studio Suite. The staff was so lovely, and we loved staying in lower Manhattan for the first time. We will come again!We stayed in a two bedroom Corner Suite with our two teenage boys and it was the perfect setup. We had our own private adjoinging entranceway, a private dining area, and the perfect amount of space for a nice family retreat. The concierge was very helpful with acquiring great tickets to a terrific play, and suggested an amazing Austrian restaurant in the neighborhood that we never would have found on our own. Unlike any other hotel we've found. Very special. Hands down, the best hotel in NYC. You'll never stay anywhere else after staying at The Greenwich. From the moment we got out of our cab, the bellman made us feel so welcome. He remembered our names from our last stay, which I thought was amazing! We love the pool, it is so serine, and the Shiatsu Massage my husband got he said was fantastic. The ricotta pancakes at Locanda Verde we had to have twice during our stay, and The Drawing Room and Outdoor Courtyard are the prefect public spaces to relax. Hard to beat The Greenwich Hotel. We love it there. We love the rooms at The Greenwich Hotel. The beds are co comfortable, and we always request to overlook the Courtyard, which is so green and beautiful. I had a fabulous facial at the Spa, and I loved inviting my friend to have dinner with me in The Drawing Room, which was like sitting in a lovely comfortable living room by the fire. The Greenwich is the best hotel in downtown for sure. I travel a lot, and I always, recommend this hotel. The Statler Hotel provides top notch service in every area of the hotel! The area that I was particularly impressed with is the Front Desk team. They took the time to talk to myself and my prospective student and answer all of our questions. They informed us of what to see on campus and recommended a few fantastic restaurants in town (including Taverna Banfi, located right at the hotel). We were truly impressed how sincere and well trained everyone is. Keep up the good work and we hope to return soon!I can't get over the bathroom we had in our room during our recent stay at The Greenwich Hotel. Bright blue and green Moroccan tile that just made every morning and night feel so luxurious. Room service was very quick, and the hotel has a really easy, nice vibe to it. I wish I had been able to stay longer!My husband and I just returned from a weekend getaway at The Umstead.  It was heaven on earth!  We only live 15 minutes from The Umstead and never really considered staying there, but it was so convenient for a quick trip!  The staff is incredible, consistently using our names and the facilities are outstanding, so modern and elegant.  We dined in The Bar and Lounge because Herons was full (negative if you plan last minute), and the food was tasty although a bit difficult to eat in the furniture that we were seated in.  Overall though, The Umstead treats you like a million bucks and we will definitely be back the next time our schedule permits!We decided to stay at The Umstead Hotel and Spa on our wedding night because of its proximity to the airport.  We had an early flight out the next day and wanted to be close since we live about an hour from RDU.  We couldn't have picked a better spot!  From the moment we checked in we were treated like absolute royalty.  Everyone we encountered knew it was our wedding night and made every attempt to make it special for us.  From the amenity in our guest room, the prompt wake-up call and the car waiting for us in the morning to whisk us away, we weren't there for long but they certainly wowed us!  My only regret is that we didn't spend a day or two of our honeymoon with them.  We will be back, maybe on our 1st anniversary!Recently my husband returned from deployment and I wanted to do something special to mark the occassion.  A friend of mine  had recommened The Umstead to us and I am so glad she did.  All of the staff was warm and friendly without being pushy and we always felt like things were taken care of.  I booked us a couples massage in the spa which was such a treat.  We never do things like this so it was a real treat and we felt like it was worth every penny!  We ordered in-room dining to make the most out of our time in the beautiful suite we had and it was as though we had our own private restaurant.  They come and set up a beautfiul little table (with a flower centerpiece) and truly make it feel so quaint and special and not like "room service".  The next day before we departed we took advantage of the complimentary steam and sauna because we didn't want the stay to end.  I would highly recommend The Umstead to anyone needing some R&R.It's not every day that you get to experience a five star hotel, especially right in your own backyard.  I am well travelled, and have stayed at many Four Seasons, Ritz Carltons, Montage, etc. and I can wholeheartedly say, The Umstead tops them all!  The thing that sets them apart is the staff.  They seem to genuinely care and seem overwhelmingly enthusiastic to help make your stay more comfortable.  The art, furnishings, dining and accommodations earn them their stars, but I believe that their staff solidifies them!I frequently travel to the Raleigh area on business and decided to stay at The Umstead for my most recent trip.  I am so glad I did!  The guestrooms are so spacious and the views are stunning, overlooking the scenic lake and grounds.  My room had a balcony and I truly appreciated having my coffee (brewed in my room with a Keurig!) while sitting outside and taking in the views.  It looks like they host weddings here with the expansive lawn, and what a beautiful place to get married.  The staff truly goes above and beyond to do special little touches, like bottled water by the bedside at turndown with chocolates and a bottle of water on your way out the front door.  I also really appreciated the complimentary wireless Internet, because I always hate being charged for that! While it is a bit pricier than other hotels, I certainly won't mind paying a little more for the perks of The Umstead.My girlfriends and I were planning our annual girls getaway weekend, and with our lives being so busy, we really couldn't swing a 2-3 night stay like we normally do to places like Charleston or Wrightsville Beach.  A few of us had been to The Umstead for drinks or dinner and thought it would be a convenient way to all get together on a smaller scale.  I am so glad we did it!  The Umstead was so easy to plan with and they were able to put us in connecting rooms so we had plenty of space but also close proximity so we could get more time together.  We didn't get a chance to eat dinner on property because we went out downtown for dinner and drinks, but we did enjoy the spa facilities and a delicious brunch the morning we departed.  All encounters with staff were gracious and accommodating and we truly felt like we got a week's worth of quality time while at The Umstead!  The only negative thing I could say is that I wish it was located near more restaurants/nightlife.  That would have made this a 5 star review!In spite of the problems I had during this stay, I would want to stay at your hotel the next time I visit Nashville. Your staff is so courteous and helpful. They are very well trained and friendly. I felt special while I was there.Keep it up! And thank you for a pleasant stay.The Concierge, Laura, was fantastic. She was so friendly, gave me great directions, and awesome recommendations. I also really enjoyed breakfast at the 1808, it was such a relaxing environment in the AM and the food and coffee were amazing.I would never stay anywhere else! The Statler Hotel is our first choice when visit Ithaca and they always welcome us back, making it feel like our 'home away from home'. They have well-trained, smart, and friendly staff members that will go out of there way to accommate our every request. The beds and linens are the most comfortable that I have ever slept in! Staying at the Statler is well-worth the cost and they deserve every penny as everyone is hard working and pleasant. We cannot wait to return in December.Reservations staff and concierge were both especially friendly, accommodating, and professional. Didn't know Hutton was a Leading Hotel until we got to the room, and I was pleasantly surprised, and not disappointed. The little bonuses like Molton Brown bath products and excellent turn down services were appreciated.Laura in Concierge went above and beyond making recommendations and reservations. The chocolate covered strawberries in our room upon arrival (for my mom's 70th Birthday) was the beginning of an incredible stay. We enjoyed the ambiance of the bar over bottle of Champagne. We are in the airline industry and stay in Hotels around the world but Your hotel offers decor, amenities and customer service that we havent experienced in years. Bravo! We will highly recommend your hotel and look forward to our next stay.Great hotel and wonderful staff.Loved my stay here at the Hutton! Keep up the fabulous job you are doing to make the experience so impressionable.My flight out was cancelled due to Sandy. I spent a great deal of time in your lovely lobby trying to make other arrangements. During that time Lindsey Tamkun was very helpful, friendly, and kind. Thank youMy boyfriend and I kept raving the entire stay how much we loved the hotel. From the moment we arrived, we had nothing but positive things to say about the hotel and especially the staff. The decor / style of the entire facility was beautiful and our room was out of this world -- it's always a plus staying somewhere that doesn't feel like it's just a standard, chain hotel. I loved the boutique aspect and the personal touches. I don't think I could speak enough on how wonderful each and every staff member was. Every single person we encountered exceeded our expectations. Without a doubt, should we ever visit Nashville again, we will be sure to stay at the Hutton. We loved that this is the only Hutton Hotel, but part of us wishes we could stay at a Hutton in another city wherever we decide to vacation next. The Hutton Hotel team has surely raised the bar -- it will be hard to top our experience. Thank you!Great stay, food was great and staff was super friendly!!! thank you, I've been spreading the word. Hope to be back soonThe best staff in the City! I have never encountered a most gracious and attentive staff, from the doormen, housekeepers, and front desk staff. All remembered my name and acknowledged me whenever I walked by.The largest room in the City...Wow, over 450 sq. feet for a Standard room..amazing! And the amenities, water, Nespresso, extensive fitness facility. A great place!An fabulous hotel with a Michelin Star restaurant and awesome Jazz bar..what else could you ask for. I entertained clients and completely wowed them after having them at Ai Fiori followed by cocktails at Bar on Fifth. I also sealed a deal as as result...This was the cleanest room I have ever stayed in! Not a trace of dust in site and the tub was spotless. The bed and linens were clean, fresh, and comfortable; I would like to know the brands. The Statler Hotel is my favorite place to stay. The best hotel in NYC...Location, amenities, staff,,,,it has it all. The Suites are enormous and perfectly appointed for intimate meetings. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable.Amazing hotel...Maserati et all...I stayed at The Setai for business and was able to be driven daily, to my client meetings in the Maserati house car. I checked in early and was able to check out late, at no charge. Just that alone, made my stay!Love the location. In the middle of it all...on 5th avenue, it was so easy to get to my meetings. I entertained in the Bar, which is ver comfortable and perfect for intimate meetings. The hotel offers 2 complimentary business center rooms, which are terrific.5 star all the way...great amenities, great value. Oversized guest rooms, large closets, extensive bathrooms, Nespresso machines and washer/dryer in my Suite. This is the place to stay in NYC!Great family destination. I traveled to NYC with my family and was so well taken care of. Additionally, we had a small pet which was also greeted and was looked after....My kids loved being a few blocks away from the Empire State and walking distance to Rockefeller Center.Best hotel in NYC..Ai Fiori is the most wonderful restaurant - located on the 2nd floor of the hotel. It is memorable! Thoroughly enjoyed the jazz in the Bar in the evening while sipping on a Moscow Mule...delightful!Can't wait to return. My room was so quiet, I forgot where I was..I have never stayed in such a calming room, in all my travels. One of the buttons fell off my jacket while getting dry cleaned via the hotel. The Housekeeper offered to sew it back for me, which she did! That is service!I definitely understand what all the buzz is about!  This place is incredible.  I just stayed here with my boyfriend this past weekend and we were blown away by the service and the property. It is so tucked away that you wouldn't know it is even there, and we really enjoyed walking around the peaceful trail they have.  We were looking for some quiet and rest and we definitely got it!  We will be back to explore more of the dining and spa!My wife and I recently decided to stay at The Umstead for a special treat during the week for some quality time.  We were expecting to just hideaway and enjoy our room, but it ended up just the opposite!  From the moment we arrived we were in awe of the friendliness of the staff and their willingness to recommend different things to us.  We ended up having dinner in Herons followed by a night cap by the outdoor fireplace. It was lovely.  You can tell that this hotel definitely caters to a business traveller due to its location, but they've also mastered how to welcome leisure guests too.  We will definitely be back!We checked in to The Umstead after a long drive from Washington D.C.  We were visiting my sister-in-law who lives nearby and she recommended the hotel to us.  We had our 2 small children with us and our family dog, so needless to say we were ready to check in and get to our suite!  As soon as we pulled up to the front entrance we were greeted by the friendiest valet and door men who greeted our kids with little stuffed toys and immediately we knew we were in for a treat!  While we didn't get to spend much time in the hotel since we were visiting family, I can say that The Umstead makes every guest feel special and the surroundings are the cherry on top!The students truly made our stay. From our arrival when we were greeted by Alex who warmly welcomed us, to Savannah at the front desk who gave us a campus map and made dinner reservations for us at their hotel restaurant, everything was outstanding. When I am coming to Ithaca, there is only one place I will stay, and that's The Statler.I frequently do business in the Raleigh area and always stay at The Umstead.  I find that their amenities show great value even if you are paying a higher rate.  You are treated like royalty and the setting is so luxurious that the extra money you spent is made up in the quality rest you get while there.  I always return home feeling better than when I left because of the royal treament at The Umstead!The coziest hotel in NYC! The Greenwich's homey feeling is contributed to by its welcoming and personable staff as well as cozy decor. This is what I want my home to look like!The best part about The Greenwich is that the Courtyard and Drawing Room are for guests only, therefore you do not have to fight anyone to use the spaces in your own hotel. Both spaces are stunning with delicious food by Locanda Verde and a fantastic unassuming staff. Do not stay anywhere else, make The Greenwich your second home in NYC, you will want to make it your permanat home and never leave!Every room in The Greenwich hotel is different but similar and beautiful in its own way, with hardwood floors and moroccan tile bathrooms you feel like you are a guest in Robert De Niro's home rather than a hotel. Also, all drinks and snacks in the room are complimentary, expect alcohol. The Greenwich does not try to milk you for every penny like other NYC hotels, it invites you in and provides hospitality at its best!You have to stay at The Greenwich and come home to its SHIBUI SPA after a long day of walking around the city! The spa, in the basement of the hotel, has a beautiful japanese inspired pool that provides the perfect relaxation and escape from the city. Also, their red flower amenity products come into great use with their beautiful deep soaking tubs. My favorite room: Greenwich Queen Room, they all have a deep soaking bathtub! The Greenwich Hotel + Locanda Verde = heaven! Stay here and cozy up in the Courtyard while eating Andrew Carmellini's incredible pasta. The Courtyard is for guests only. You feel as though you are in the courtyard of a tuscan villa. Also, the Front Desk staff is young, personable, and professional. They project only warmth and great hospitality unlike many other downtown hotels who portray an unwanted attitude. We cannot wait to come back for our next NYC trip!The Greenwich has everything going for it, a Tribeca location, Robert De Niro as an owner, and Andrew Cremillini as a chef. The decor makes you feel like you are in a cozy/sheek home. The rooms are all different, each with duxiana beds, which are extremely comfortable! They will put a mattress pad on the bed if you prefer a stiffer mattress. Additionally, we were in house for a long term stay. Therefore, prior to our arrival we were reached out to to ask if we would like an extra mini refridgerator in the room and if there were any groceries that we would like stocked. When we arrived into our Suite (book the fireplace corner suites, they have views of the hudson river and working fireplaces!). When we arrived all of our requested groceries were in the refridgerator, and a beautiful fruit bowl and bottle of red wine were on the table. This is the welcome of a hotel who knows how to do it right!My husband and I decided to do a "staycation" for our anniversary this year. We chose The Greenwich because we live uptown and figured downtown would be a fun change. When we arrived to the hotel, the staff warmly welcomed us by saying happy anniversary! Our room was not quite ready, as we arrived around 2 pm and check in is after 4pm but the bellmen kindly held our luggage as we cozied up in the Drawing Room. What a beautiful quiet space! The fire was roaring and we had delicious house made cocktails as we waited. Try their Pimms Cup, they add ginger beer, the best Pimms Cup I've ever had! The staff checked us in around 3 pm and gave us a nice tour of our room, where a complimentary bottle of champagne was waiting! 

Also, have a couple's massage in their Shibui Spa, it is a great way to share your anniversary! We both had the healing birch, it was fantastic. I hear that the Shibui Spa is now open to the public, as New Yorkers we will definitely be back!The Greenwich makes you feel like you are a guest in their home. Request a courtyard facing room, it looks over their beautiful courtyard which provides serenity away from the busy city life. The Front Desk staff is very helpful, the coordinated and reccomended fantastic dinners during my stay. Will definitely be back!I was looking for a go-to hotel in New York that could be my home away from home when I frequently travel to NYC for business and/or also for leisure. The Greenwich meets all of our expectations. On the business side, i is a great homey place to come back to after a day of work and to have a breakfast meeting in their guest only Drawing Room. It is also extremely romantic as well as kid friendly. I brought my wife here for a long NYC weekend and she loved it. If you stay as a guest you will always get a hard-to-get reservation at Locanda Verde and during the warmer weather you can have this meal in their peaceful Courtyard. It is also extremely close to both FIDI and SOHO/West Village so the location could not be better! Make The Greenwich your Go-to, you can't beat it!As a Cornell alum, it was nostalgic to stay at the Statler and see the students running the hotel. I will say that it is one of the pricier options in the area, but for special trips to campus, it is definitely worth it. The Greenwich is the best downtown hotel in NYC!  We stayed at The Greenwich with our two children. The staff was extremely accomodating for our family stay. They welcomed our kids with delicious oatmeal cookies and adoreable stuffed animals in the room when they arrived as well as a bottle of wine for us! We found the hotel perfect for our stay as Tribeca is an extremely kid friendly neighborhood. The Front Desk staff even gave us a list of kid frienly activities in the area and they will assist with babysitting services as well! For uptown activities it was a very quick cab ride up the West Side Highway and we are so glad that we stayed downtown at The Greenwich. We are looking forward to our next stay!

Amazing hotel!  I was totally blown away by the service from all members of the staff. Never knew this hotel was even located here and I can;t wait to return.  All the little nice touches like being walked to the elevator to turndown service to a great bar scene with good food.  You will pay, but it is worth every penny!You will not want to leave this hotel!  WOW is all I can say.  Believe all the other reviews on here saying-this is a great hotel.  They remember your name and are always accomodating to every request.  True professionals in the art of hotel service.  The restaurant and spa are fantastic and not to be missed.I just spent an amazing weekend at the Umstead.  I justed stayed here with my wife for a birthday weekend and we had such a great time.  Everyone kepy wishing her happy birthday and they even sent some chocolates and champagne to the room.  You will be pampered from the moment you arrive to the time you depart.  Truly fantastic!What a great hotel in the triangle!  This area never had a luxury hotel and they finally have a great one.  I travel for business often to the area and can't wait to return to the Umstead.  It maked business travel a pleasure and not a chore.  They always remember my name and welcome me back.  There are bartenders in the bar that know my drink and always get a great welcome back in Herons for breakfast.Truly world class hotel!  I travel often and have stayed at many luxury hotels around the US and this hotel ranks up there with the best of them.  It is nothing over the top or flashy, it is having truly well trained staff that genuinely cares about the guests that makes the difference.  My husband and I visited the Market Pavilion in late August and I must say we had a wonderful stay. From check in to check out, the entire staff made us feel warm and welcome. The unique furniture and oil paintings really set this hotel apart from a nationwide chain hotel. We would definitely stay here again.Traveled to Charleston on business this past weekend, decided on the Market Pavilion based on an ad I saw at the airport. The hotel was well appointed and the staff was at my beckon call throughout my stay. Susanne, the concierge, was especially helpful in providing great restaurant recommendations and transportation for my business meetings. Be sure to try the in room dining as well, it is well worth the price tag.Decided to have my bachelorette party at the Pavilion Bar at the Market Pavilion Hotel. I was looking for some place that would be fun but not tacky or crazy. The Pavilion Bar was the perfect compromise. Situated in the heart of downtown, you can see beautiful views of the Charleston skyline. The servers went out of there way to accommodate our party and make my night special. If you are looking for a nice getaway to Charleston, and are willing to pay a little extra, the Market Pavilion Hotel is an excellent option. It is in a great location, right next to the market, and walking distance to almost anything that you would want to see. The in house restaurant is expensive, but the portions are huge and every bite is delicious. We loved the prime rib and ended our meal with their signature banana bread pudding. Don't let the price tag scare you, everything was worth it and you will not be disappointed.We recently stayed at The Statler while visiting Cornell on a college tour with our son. He is applying to the hotel program at Cornell so it was impressive to see the program's students in action at the hotel, as they were all genuinely interested in helping us in any way possible and even took the time to discuss classes and answer some other questions my son had about the program. By and far the best campus hotel we stayed at on our trip and hopefully we will have the chance to stay there again in the future if he gets into Cornell!My family and I typically travel to South Carolina to visit the beaches but this year we decided to add some history to our vacation this year and happened upon the Market Pavilion Hotel in Charleston, SC. Wanting to get as much information on the city as possible, we immediately headed to the concierge desk to find out more. Susanne was wonderful in getting us headed to all of the great sites nearby. She even arranged for a tour of Magnolia Plantation which was magnificent, be sure to include this on your itinerary. If you have accommodations elsewhere, at least stop by the Pavilion Bar on the rooftop for a drink, it has a great view of Charleston.Treated my wife to a special anniversary gift this past weekend with a night's stay at the Market Pavilion. Found the service and room to be truly first class. We really felt like we were receiving authentic southern hospitality. Allyssa at check in was very efficient and helpful. Haven, the doorman, also went above and beyond to make our stay unique and special. We will be back again next year!Originally booked online to stay two nights before traveling on to Savannah. But we had such a great time that we decided to stay in Charleston another night! Do not miss this hotel; if you are looking for an over the top grand hotel this is the place to go. Wonderful amenities, gorgeous room offerings, and fabulous customer service. Ask for Kelly in reservations to ensure you receive a top notch room with a view.We stayed here a few weeks ago and had a nice stay. We did run into a problem with our reservation when we checked in; we had originally booked a king bed room but they had us in a room with two queen beds. After speaking to a manager the problem was resolved though and we actually received an upgrade to the top floor! The pool on the rooftop is beautiful  but get there early as it does tend to get busy at the bar in the afternoon. Overall my husband and I had a great time and would stay here again if we ever return to Charleston.One of my favorite spots to stay at in the south! I travel to Charleston frequently on business and whenever I can I stay at the Market Pavilion Hotel. Susanne has been there for years and always helps me secure that tough to get last minute dinner reservation. Love the large comfy beds and each room has a different original oil painting. Can't wait to stay here again!Pros: perfect location right in the center of everything, beautifully appointed rooms and public areas, fresh flowers in guestroom, fitness center, and five star restaurant in the lobby.

Cons: Coffee is taken away on the floor in the afternoon, would have liked to have a cup before going out.

All in all we loved this hotel and would recommend to our friends and family.Absolutely the best hotel I have ever stayed at!  This was a definite surprise to find such a great hotel.  I have never heard of the hotel before and found it on an internet search.  It was an amazing hotel.  The grounds are beautiful, staff wonderful and gracious and fantastic restaurant.  Can not wait to return to the area on business to stay at this hotel.The Umstead hotel was everything that a luxury hotel should be.  You would never know that it was right off the freeway as you turn in you feel like you are in another place.  Lush grounds and attentive staff.  Get a lakeview room on the second floor with an extra large terrace to relax on.  Go to the spa and order room service for the ultimate escape.  Everything about this hotel gets it right.  Wonderful stay! I can't say enough nice things about this hotel.  It just feels great to be at the hotel.  When you arrive there is a sense of calm and you are surrounded with beauty.  The artwork, design, flowers etc. all come together.  The staff is always gracious and will bend over backward to make guests happy.  I have always felt well  taken care of when I stayed here.Five stars all the way!  I was here celebrating an anniversay and was just amazed at how well this hotel treated us.  We were wished a happy anniversay by at least 8 different members of the staff during our visit.  They upgraded our room to a suite and sent chocolate strawberries and champagne to the room.  We did a great couples massage in the spa and relaxed on the terrace by the pool.  Did an amazing  dinner in Herons one night and cocktails and dinner in the bar another.  What a perfect romantic weekend!I really enjoyed our recent visit to campus to visit our freshman daughter. We were upgraded to a room with a view of campus and the clock tower that was spectacular! We also had a great meal in the restaurant at the hotel, the lobster risotto was out of this world. All in all, another great stay at the Statler, we'll see you in March!The Umstead definitely exceeded my expectations in all areas.  The doorman always opened the door and greeted me by name each time.  The front desk staff we most helpful and efficient.  The breakfast servers in Herons were very attentive and room service was always on time-which is rare in a hotel.  Room was clean and refreshed every day and turn down was a nice touch.  It just seems like they have thought of everything.  Thank you for providing a wonderful experience.Loved, Loved, Loved our stay at the Market Pavilion Hotel!!!!  From the moment we stepped out of our car we were greated by a bellman in a tophat that set the mood for our stay in Charleston.  At checkin the front desk welcomed us with their southern hospitality.  The concierge was excellent with her recommendations for tours and dining.  Friendliest staff that anticipated our needs before we did.  Our room was luxurious with a great view of the market.  Can't wait to return to this fabulous hotel.Having traveled the world I have never stayed on a finer concierge level.  The concierge was superb and friendly to all the guests.  The breakfast was hot and delicious.  I especially enjoyed the grits and smoked salmon.  Afternoon tea was perfect before my nap.  There never was an empty glass in the concierge parlor during the evening reception.  The spirits flowed freely and the appetizers were plentiful.  Splurge on your next stay and book on the concierge level.Five stars!!!!  You must stay at this hotel while visiting Charleston.  I cannot say enough good things about The Market Pavilion Hotel.  My girfriends and I planned a girls weekend and we were treated like queens by the staff.   From the Hermes bath products to the bathrobes and slippers laid out during turndown service the amenities were luxurious and of the finest quality.  The rooftop bar is such a fun and happening place on the weekends with a live DJ.  Dining at Grill 225 was like dining in the finest NY steakhouse.  You don't even have to leave this hotel for fun, food and entertainment.Best location in town.  This hotel is located in the middle of the historic district and is surrounded by art galleries, fine dining and shopping.  Every historic sight downtown is within walking distance of this hotel.  After dinner we would walk to the Battery and enjoy the water and beautiful homes.  The rooms are spacious and have fresh flowers.  The housekeepers are so honest that everytime I left a tip on the pillow they would make up the bed and place the tip back on the pillow.  Finally I saw the housekeeper and had to give her the tip personally before she would take the money.  Extremely friendly staff that are always eager to help with ideas, directions and reservations.Can't wait to tell my friends about this treasure in Charleston.  While making reservations the reservationist was extremely patient with me in figuring out the best time to visit and explaining the different levels at the hotel.  We chose the concierge level.  The parlor was a great place in the evening to make new friends and swap stories.  The concierge went above and beyond in helping us book massages, mani/pedis, transportation and dinner.  No request was too small or too large for her to handle.  We already booked our return trip for my husband's birthday.  Perhaps this is the best hotel where I ever stayed. The level of hospitality is unparalleled. Everything is perfect: location, room, service and staff.  I was traveling on business and I couldn't have been more pleased with the attention to detail and staff follow through concerning a few special requests for my various business needs, meetings and dinner reservations. Dinner at Grill 225 is spectacular and you shouldn't miss this fine dining experience.Best location for tourists to stay.  Top notch rooms with quality decorations and extremely clean.  The rooftop bar is the hot spot in night life with the best view of Charleston overlooking the water and downtown.   We received a $50 food and beverage voucher for each night of our stay which we utilized in their steakhouse Grill 225.  The server was attentive, knowledgable but not hovering over us.  I have never had a finer steak.  It was so good that we ate there all three nights of our stay.  The staff at this hotel couldn't be friendlier or more helpful if they tried.  The General Manager was present and welcomed us to the hotel.  This is the only hotel in the historic district with a pool which is important when traveling with kids.  The lounge chairs have terrycloth covers and plenty of plush beach towels are provided for the guests.  The rooftop bar offers not only cool drinks but a variety of choices on the menu.  I had the Kobe burger and it was so large I couldn't even finish half of my burger.  Staff is attentive to your every need.  We didn't spend much time in the rooms but they even had childrens bathrobes laid out for the kids with slippers.  Too cute!!!  When staying in Charleston you couldn't choose a finer hotel.  Recently stayed for two nights at the Market Pavillion Hotel with our friends on the Concierge Level. As always our stay was first class. From the moment you walk through the door, you and your group receive a warm welcome from the entire Market Pavillion Family. We especially enjoyed the degree of service as well as the attention to detail that we received on the Concierge Level.  Within moments of our arrival our group was taken care of for the entire stay with charm and southern hospitality. 

The staff are so nice and friendly they make you feel like you've known them for years.  I couldn't believe this hotel was only ten years old.  You would expect this kind of service at The Four Seasons or The Ritz Carlton.  Market Pavilion is the gem of Charleston.